# LBA Agenda

**Date**: Oct 22, 2024  
**Google Meet**: LBA Meeting Wednesday, October 22 · 2:00 – 3:00pm  
**Time zone**: America/New_York

---

## 1. Review Minutes from Previous Meeting
  - **Ethalorian** shifted the focus to logistical planning for the upcoming event, reviewing potential properties for the hacker house.
  - Presented a spacious and affordable venue located 20 minutes from the main event site.
  - Venue featured ample accommodations suitable for large groups.

- The team discussed various property listings, weighing merits based on:
  - Pricing
  - Space
  - Accessibility
  - **JAKxGEM** emphasized the importance of budget-friendly options within a reasonable distance from key venues.

- The group agreed on the necessity of thorough documentation and planning for informed venue selection decisions.

- **Fundraising strategies** and **community engagement** initiatives were discussed:
  - **Ethalorian** estimated venue costs between $6,000 and $10,000.
  - **Sage Bray** committed to brainstorming fundraising ideas.
  - The team explored ways to attract new developers and enhance community participation.
    - Suggestions included hosting Twitter spaces and using polls for feedback.
---

## 2. Action Item Follow-up

- **Ethalorian** will collect, format, and upload the AI notes from the previous meeting into a markdown file for better visibility and discussion in future meetings.
- **Sage Bray** will research Uber pricing from the proposed venue to the main event venue.
- **Ethalorian** will update the GitHub repository with correct links for proposed venues.
- **Ethalorian** will prepare an agenda for the next meeting to keep track of action items.
- **TantoDefi** will help improve the GitHub documentation and entry point for new contributors.
- **Marcus May** will consider running polls to gauge community interest in venue selection.
- **Sage Bray** will brainstorm fundraising strategies and how to market the event.


### 2.1 Repository and Documentation

- **Key Question**: How do we ensure that the documentation on GitHub is organized and accessible for all contributors?

### 2.2 Venue Selection

- **Key Question**: What are the key metrics we should consider when selecting a venue for the hacker house?
- **Key Question**: What are the potential challenges of hosting a hacker house in a gated community?
- Consensus / Choice

---

## 3. Budget Review

---

## 4. Hacker House Logistics

---  Discussion of Potential Activities - Brainstorm

## 5. GitHub Organization Structure

- **Key Question**: How do we ensure that the documentation on GitHub is organized and accessible for all contributors?

---

## 7. New Participant Engagement

- **Key Question**: What strategies can we implement to engage the community and attract new developers?

---

## 9. New Business / Open Floor

---

## 10. Action Items and Next Steps

---

## 11. Next Meeting

---  October 29th, 2024 2pm EST

## 12. Adjournment
