# LBA Agenda

**Date:** Sep 25, 2024  
**Google Meet:** LBA Meeting  
Wednesday, September 25 · 2:00 – 3:00pm  
Time zone: America/New_York

## 1. Review the notes from the last meeting

- Attendees: Ethalorian, JordyDutch, TantoDefi, ValentineOrga, JakGrills, Sage
- After some discussion, we narrowed the immediate focus to planning a proposal for ETH Denver.
- We identified the pros and cons of different event types and settled on a hacker house focused on developer onboarding.
- Berlin remains an option, but the merits of a US-based event were discussed. Tanto expressed the developer demographics that each city might attract, and the case was made that Denver may be easier for developers to attend.
- Action items were identified and distributed.

### Discussion:
The meeting began with some technical difficulties, with Ethalorian and b00ste lyx discussing computer issues. This set a collaborative tone as they shared troubleshooting tips. The focus then shifted to planning the hacker house event in Denver.

## 2. Action Item Review and Check In

- Tantodefi will add relevant information to the shared Google Doc for planning the Hacker House
- Jordy Dutch will debrief with Lucien and Fawn about the Hacker House plan
- Discuss and plan the budget for the Hacker House
- Valentine Orga will prepare ideas and feedback for the Hacker House plan
- Ethalorian will reach out to Cookbook to discuss potential collaboration for the Hacker House
- Tantodefi will debrief with Sage about Keys' plans for community presence in Denver
- Ethalorian will debrief with Jordy to clean up thinking around Denver and the idea of a hacker house
- Jordy Dutch will share the notes of the AI in a group chat with Tantor and the team
- Jordy Dutch will start a group chat in Telegram for the team to share information and communicate

### Discussion:
Tonto presented a GitHub repository outlining potential sponsors and daily schedules. The team expressed gratitude for Tonto's contributions and established action items to engage with sponsors and key stakeholders.

## 3. Review Hackerhouse Documentation provided by TantoDefi

[Based Hack House @ DevCon 7](https://github.com/ivcained/basedhack.house/blob/main/Based%20Hack%20House%20%40%20DevCon%207.md)

### Discussion:
Tantodefi emphasized the importance of creating a positive experience for builders at the Luxo Hacker House, discussing logistics such as transportation and accommodations.

## 4. General Budgeting Brainstorm

[Budget Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hnobj42BEkwbXyCag5hRqinwABoCG73eiE0h5t1UMIA/edit?usp=sharing)

- Identify at minimum 3 viable venues for the hackerhouse
  1. [VRBO Listing](https://www.vrbo.com/4853622ha?chkin=2025-2-22&chkout=2025-3-2&rm1=a14&regionId=178254&searchId=5973a0eb-1be8-48e6-adad-66f0a7b849fd)
  2. (To be filled)
- Create a Food budget based upon the dates of the house February 23, 2024 and Mar 2, 2024
- Transportation
- What else?

### Discussion:
Ethalorian presented a budget sheet, emphasizing the need for suitable venues and a detailed budget breakdown to avoid unexpected costs. The team discussed various fundraising strategies, potential sponsorships, and the importance of early planning. The initial venue choice was found to be unavailable, so alternatives need to be identified within two weeks.

## 5. Discussion around organizing a public meeting and notes structure in github?

### Discussion:
The team considered moving Luxor Builders Association (LBA) information to GitHub for better transparency and engagement. Natasha Fawn advocated for prioritizing space for new participants.

## 6. New Business / New Topics

### Discussion:
The team discussed the logistics of food and drink provision for the event, considering options such as hiring a catering service or setting up vending machines.

## 7. Action Items and Next meeting

- Jordy will set up the github
- Ethalorian will set up recording for future meetings and organize agendas
- Ethalorian will clean everything up, do agendas weekly, and prepare a rundown for next week
- Plan for potential transportation needs and consider the location of the Hacker House in relation to the e-Denver Hackathon venue
- Ethalorian will reorganize notes into a new agenda next week and continue working on adding venues and budgetary items
- Collaborate on adding venue options and budgetary items to the documents
- Consider options for food and beverage provision

## 8. End


