# LBA Agenda

**Date:** Oct 2, 2024  
**Google Meet:** LBA Meeting  
Wednesday, October 2 · 2:00 – 3:00pm  
Time zone: America/New_York

## 1. Review Minutes from Previous Meeting (Sep 25, 2024)

- Attendees: Jordy, Ethalorian, Fawn, Booste, Presto, Jak, Sage, Jonathan, Marcus
- Quick overview of key points and decisions
- Any corrections or additions to the minutes

## 2. Action Item Follow-up

- Jordy: Update on GitHub setup for organizing Hacker House documents
- Ethalorian: Report on meeting recordings setup and agenda organization
- Team: Progress on identifying alternative venues for the Hacker House
- Updates on sponsor and stakeholder engagement
- Feedback from debriefs (Lucien, Fawn, Jon, etc.)

### Discussion:

Ethalorian presented a repository for contributions and emphasized the need for a Hacker House budget.

### Action Items:

- Ethalorian will get a better URL for the repository to make it easier to access.
- Ethalorian will clean up the budget numbers and create a presentable document for review.
- Ethalorian will add meeting notes to the GitHub organization structure.

## 3. Hacker House Planning

### 3.1 Venue Selection

- Present and discuss the top 3 venue options
- Pros and cons of each option
- Decision on final venue (if possible)

#### Discussion:

- The team estimated a budget of around $10,000 for a week-long stay, accommodating 18 people.
- Jonathan Wan raised concerns about the proximity of venues to side events.
- The team explored larger venues that could accommodate more attendees, albeit at a greater distance from the main activities.

#### Action Item:
- Identify potential venues for the Hacker House in Denver from March 22nd to March 3rd.

### 3.2 Budget Review

- Updated budget spreadsheet review
- Fundraising and sponsorship progress
- Discuss any budget constraints or opportunities

#### Discussion:

- Food and beverage budgeting was discussed, focusing on providing meals for 20 people over eight days.
- The team considered a daily budget of $15-20 per person and the idea of communal dinners.
- Emphasis was placed on budgeting primarily for breakfast while remaining flexible for other meals based on attendance.
- The need for provisioning at the Hacker House was highlighted to support a vibrant community during events.

### 3.3 Logistical Planning

- Transportation arrangements
- Food and beverage provision plans
- Discussion on hiring catering service vs. other options

#### Discussion:

- Transportation and entertainment budgets were addressed.
- The team debated the merits of different transportation methods, including renting cars or using public transport.
- Entertainment options at the Hacker House, such as gaming consoles and movie nights, were discussed.
- Supplies and amenities needed for the event, including hygiene products and disposable items, were considered.

#### Action Item:
- Investigate train schedules and Uber pools in Denver for transportation options.

## 4. GitHub Organization Structure

- Review the proposed structure for LBA information on GitHub
- Discuss transparency and engagement strategies
- Plan for migrating existing documents

### Discussion:

- Ethalorian proposed recording and publicly posting meetings to enhance transparency and community engagement.
- Concerns were raised regarding privacy and the risk of off-topic discussions.
- A compromise was suggested to record only formal agenda items while keeping informal discussions private.
- The team discussed the importance of camaraderie and the possibility of editing recordings to exclude sensitive content.

## 5. ETH Denver Coordination

- Updates on ETH Denver plans and how they align with our Hacker House
- Coordination with ETH-Denver Hackathon organizers?

## 6. New Participant Engagement

- Strategies to prioritize space for new participants
- Outreach plans for aspiring developers

## 7. New Business / Open Floor

- Time for team members to bring up any new topics or concerns

### Discussion:

Jonathan Wan inquired about LUKSO's involvement in ETHenver and the next steps for project development.

### Action Items:

- Work on documentation for the pitchable state of the project.
- Jonathan will research accommodation options for DEV CON and explore the idea of bringing the community to the event.

## 8. Action Items and Next Steps

- Assign new action items based on today's discussion
- Confirm deadlines for critical tasks

## 9. Next Meeting

- Confirm date and time for the next meeting
- Any changes to meeting structure or format

### Discussion:

A follow-up meeting was scheduled for the following week.

## 10. Adjournment
