# LBA Agenda

**Date:** Sep 25, 2024  
**Google Meet:** LBA Meeting  
Wednesday, September 25 · 2:00 – 3:00pm  
Time zone: America/New_York

## 1. Review the notes from the last meeting

- Attendees: Ethalorian, JordyDutch, TantoDefi, ValentineOrga, JakGrills, Sage
- After some discussion, we narrowed the immediate focus to planning a proposal for ETH Denver.
- We identified the pros and cons of different event types and settled on a hacker house focused on developer onboarding.
- Berlin remains an option, but the merits of a US-based event were discussed. Tanto expressed the developer demographics that each city might attract, and the case was made that Denver may be easier for developers to attend.
- Action items were identified and distributed.

## 2. Action Item Review and Check In

- Tantodefi will add relevant information to the shared Google Doc for planning the Hacker House
- Jordy Dutch will debrief with Lucien and Fawn about the Hacker House plan
- Discuss and plan the budget for the Hacker House
- Valentine Orga will prepare ideas and feedback for the Hacker House plan
- Ethalorian will reach out to Cookbook to discuss potential collaboration for the Hacker House
- Tantodefi will debrief with Sage about Keys' plans for community presence in Denver
- Ethalorian will debrief with Jordy to clean up thinking around Denver and the idea of a hacker house
- Jordy Dutch will share the notes of the AI in a group chat with Tantor and the team
- Jordy Dutch will start a group chat in Telegram for the team to share information and communicate

## 3. Review Hackerhouse Documentation provided by TantoDefi

[Based Hack House @ DevCon 7](https://github.com/ivcained/basedhack.house/blob/main/Based%20Hack%20House%20%40%20DevCon%207.md)

## 4. General Budgeting Brainstorm

[Budget Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hnobj42BEkwbXyCag5hRqinwABoCG73eiE0h5t1UMIA/edit?usp=sharing)

- Identify at minimum 3 viable venues for the hackerhouse
  1. [VRBO Listing](https://www.vrbo.com/4853622ha?chkin=2025-2-22&chkout=2025-3-2&rm1=a14&regionId=178254&searchId=5973a0eb-1be8-48e6-adad-66f0a7b849fd)
  2. (To be filled)
- Create a Food budget based upon the dates of the house February 23, 2024 and Mar 2, 2024
- Transportation
- What else?

## 5. Discussion around organizing a public meeting and notes structure in github?

## 6. New Business / New Topics

## 7. Action Items and Next meeting

- Jordy will set up the github
- (Additional items to be filled)

## 8. End
